capital = 107

oob = "SER"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = strong_autocrat
	last_election = "1935.5.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	strong_autocrat = 100
}

set_stability = 0.6

add_ideas = {
	export_focus
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}


recruit_character = SER_prince_paul
recruit_character = SER_milan_grol
recruit_character = SER_peter_ii
recruit_character = SER_vladimir_Cukavac
recruit_character = SER_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = SER_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = SER_petar_kosic
recruit_character = SER_borivoje_mirkovic
recruit_character = SER_dusan_simovic
recruit_character = SER_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = SER_mihajlo_lukic
recruit_character = SER_bogoljub_ilic
recruit_character = SER_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = SER_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = SER_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = SER_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = SER_milovan_djilas
recruit_character = SER_milan_nedic
recruit_character = SER_ivan_ribar